========= WBNM 2017 VERSION CONTROL SUMMARY ===========

This file list the various versions of WBNM2017 released since Version
WBNM2017_000 (beta) was publicly released on November 17th 2017,
 together with a summary description of the various changes/code additions 
made subsequent to the initial release.

WBNM2017_000(Beta) - Initial public release November 17th 2017

               This version wsa a major rewrite of wbnm2012 to add
                an ability to simulate design discharges in accordance
                with the provisions of the draft provisions of ARR 2016  
                (Nov 2016). It also involved significant changes to the 
                code structure to support, at some future time, expansion
                of the code to include MC analyses.

WBNM2017_001        - First non beta public release April  2018

              1. Tags for the event UID added generally to the output
                 to facilitate searching for the results of a particular
                 event in what can be very large output files.
              2. A warning note added in the QA file output  that when  
                 reading DES16 BOMIFD data, that the location of the  
                 IFD data can be up to a kilometer away from the specified 
                 gauge site, which may have consequences in high rainfall 
                 gradient areas.
              3. A warning note added to the base of the crit-dura table
                 for a DES16 design flood estimate, that the time to peak 
                 and volume of the 'associated' hydrograph are those 
                 relevant to peak flow estimation and should not be used 
                 without review if the design focus is timing or volume related.
              4. wbnm2017 extended to optionally output a plot control file 
                 in csv format that includes a listing of  critical events for all
                 subareas,  resulting from a DES16 spectrum run. 
                 This  csv file is called 'yourcatchment'_ hplotcrit.csv and is 
                 created in your runfile directory if out_critdes is .TRUE. 
                 Where the storm is a DES16  PAC run, only  the subarea 
                 nominated for the PAC is included in the plot list. 
              5. A python utility called wbnm_hplotgen.py added to plot 
                 subareal hyetographs and all hydrographs  for storms/events 
                 listed in a csv control file. This control file  can be created  
                 manually or developed/edited  from the DES16 csv event
                 control file produced by wbnm for a DES16 spectrum.
                 While the csv file produced by wbnm is specific to DES16 
                 event, all event storm types are  supported  by hplotgen
                 eg (REC) (DES87) (EMB87) (DES16).
              6. A python utility called wbnm_hplotpatts.py added to overlay plot the
                 listed events outlet hydrographs for each ensemble storm pattern
                 for each DES16 event in the control csv file. 
                 It assumes the listed event is the critical dura/patt for the subarea
                 (as is the case with the csv produced by wbnm)  and highlights 
                 that listed pattern's hydrograph  in red.
              7. A python utility called wbnm_hyplotbox.py added to provide box 
                 plots of peak discharge for each pattern for each duration in a 
                 DES16 spectrum run. The red solid box is the average discharge for 
                 each duration, the red line is the median discharge, the box extends 
                 from the upper quartile to the lower quartile of discharge results and 
                 the whiskers extend out to the full range of discharge data for that duration.
              8. A python utility added to directly download catchment hub data 
                 without having to power up a browser.
     
                 NOTE : While simple bat files have been created to run the python 
                 utilties for users unfamiliar with python - python 3.0 or higher must 
                 be installed on the system. The latest download of  python from the 
                (free) Intel python site is recommended.

              9. WBNM version added to start of output to QA/Meta/Debug logs
             10. Div by sub Area in subroutine Rainvols created an error if a 
                 dummy sub had an area of zero. Corrected in this version.
             11. Output from a PAC check restricted to the requested subarea
             12. Event UID extended to include  temporal pattern type eg ATP
                (areal temporal pattern) or PTP for point.
             13. Various docs updated to reflect changes